[IMP] email_marketing: getting started (#5)
samueljlieber/dev-documentation: content/applications/marketing/email_marketing.rst

Email marketing
===============

> This is the first change in the pr for BE push process. Howpeully it works good.

Reviewer: You have a serious problem.
```suggestion
This is the first change in the pr for BE push process. Hopefully it works well.
```

Email marketing
===============

This is the first change in the pr for BE push process. Hopefully it works well.

> I added this sentence because its cool okay?

Reviewer: Nope bad sentence i remove
```suggestion
```
